hey how y'all doing out there we got us
a guest here he's all the way from
Michigan and he's learned a lot from my
Pete's videos my friend Pete cuz
everybody's friend is my friend you
understand what I'm fucking saying here
and if you don't like it I don't know
what to tell you okay no I'm not
arrogant no I'm not fucking uh mr.
fucking know-it-all okay I'm me do you
understand what I'm saying now we were
painting art guitar before I was fucking
rudely interrupted here you want to say
hi to everybody out there sir hello okay
see there there you go where are you
from buddy Muskegon Michigan so my
friend Pete has a viewer out there and
if you all get a chance check him out
you know he's a little bit loud he's a
little bit rude he's a little bit crude
he's rough around the fucking edges but
he's basically an ice bucket guy okay
it's wild-eyed northern boy check him
out on youtube you'll have a great
fucking time he's a great fucking guy
and everybody's fucking great tonight so
what we got here we got our paint mixed
up I got my guitar you'd already seen it
in white sealer and what I'm going to do
now is I'm going to go ahead and put my
phone right there because wild I
northern boy he likes to yakety-yak like
fucking yak out in the fucking woods
we're gonna hello are you still there
sir okay see he's right here but what
are you doing tonight Tommy what's going
on with you sir
good tell you what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna have to let Tommy go cuz we got
work to do and I'll call him back later
tommy was nice talking to you bro
wild-eyed northern boys straight out of
fucking Michigan just like Kid Rock uh
you know let's see who else Ted Nugent
and Bob Seger there you go classic rock
all the way I'll call you back later
take it easy have a great fucking day
but
mojo desk over
I'm older
but desk over
okay what we're doing we're painting our
guitar you saw it in white now I got my
gold paint ready to Panama go ahead and
paint it gold take a look at it when we
get back all right if you look through
the glass door you're gonna see the
guitar that it's already painted gold
now that's one full wet coat okay let me
get a good angle on that there you go
one full wet coat I'm going to put two
to three coats this paint is very very
concentrated and I believe I can get
away with two coats of paint once i do
that i'm going to put three coats of
inner coat clear which is uh actually
it's a DBC 500 which is a clear coat for
a mixing system but it goes on like a
lacquer so it's a urethane face lacquer
style clear coat which was actually used
back in the vintage days now this color
here is real real fuckin close to the
vintage 60s fender colors or any of the
old gold guitars back in their days even
the gold top Gibson would be very
similar and put the other coat of paint
on the
guitar we'll go ahead and clean our gun
out well go ahead and clearcoat it and
then we'll take a look at it
my mojo desk over
mojo desk over
I'm older
let's go
test over
so if we look right here we're going to
look at our guitar and see what we got
and there you go all right one gold
guitar vintage gold at that see that's
what's nice about mixing your own paints
I know a lot of you out there can't do
that but you know use your imagination
and do what you can do to get the job
done that's what it's all about ok so
it's vintage gold we got the cutaway
there on the mother fucking bitch then
we got the back Esquire cut out there
which is really nice and if you want to
telecaster or Telecaster body guitar you
might ought to think about doing that
look at my other videos it'll tell you
how to do it always remember life is
good no matter what the fuck happens and
if it ain't good anymore it was fucking
good wasn't it Wow so we'll let that dry
for a couple days and come back and
relic it out and now see what we got we
still got to get our pick guard for it
we still got to get our I wow sometimes
you just want to get it done and get it
out of your fucking hair kind of like I
want to get the hell out of this fucking
paint booth there we go ok so that's
basically what you're looking at it's a
gold guitar it's a vintage goal ok it's
gold here my air compressor in the
background you can see out the window
here it's fucking dark outside it's time
to fucking go home now well this is Pete
see you later we're not done we're not
fucking done but we will be take it easy
we'll be rocking and rolling pretty soon
on our gold vintage PV reactor ax model
has the Duncan p rail pick up in
yeah it's got in the neck and in the
bridge it's got the twang king dimarzio
twine king I'm thinking about changing
that out to a van zandt but we'll see I
don't know take it easy and we'll be
back
mojo desk over
but desk over
test over
honey that's the fur
I'm older
tesco firm
mojo desk over